## November 26, 2022 Meeting Minutes

_Attendance: Kevin, Abigail, Ashwin, Andrew N, Michael, Jacob, Javier, Anthony_


**Notes**
- Some minor front end work needs to be touched up:
    - Dashboard: remove category section in the ‘Add Transaction’ box and make sure that the words in the ‘Recent Activity’ box are taking up the entire space
- Everyone needs to look at the flowcharts 
- Everyone needs to look at new changes that Ashwin will push
- Nov 28: finish all backend stuff
- IndexDB needs to be asynchronous
- Someone needs to write tests

**Next deadlines**
- November 29: second sprint submission (backend)
- December 5: Entire project due 
